= mayfly

mayfly is a tiny HTTP server with a very short lifespan, existing only to serve a single file for a predefined number of times, it then quietly shuffles off this mortal coil. 

== Features

* HTTPS transfers
* Basic Auth
* Growl support for Mac users

== Source 

Mayfly lives at http://github.com/matth/mayfly/

== Installation 

Run the following if you haven't already:

	gem sources -a http://gems.github.com

Install the gem:

	sudo gem install matth-mayfly
	
== Usage 

Basic usage:

	mayfly /path/to/your/file

Server the file 10 times:

	mayfly --lives 10 /path/to/your/file

On a different port:

	mayfly --port 3333 /path/to/your/file

Over HTTPS with Basic Auth:

	mayfly --secure --auth /path/to/your/file
	
To list the full set of options:

	mayfly --help
	
	Usage: mayfly [options] file
	    -h, --help                       Show this message
	    -v, --verbose                    Run verbosely
	    -p, --port  number               Port number, default 7887
	    -l, --lives number               How long mayfly should live for, how many requests it serves, default 1
	        --[no-]secure                Turn https on or off, off by default
	        --[no-]auth                  Turn authentication on or off, off by default
	        --passwd password            If using auth then provide your password as an argument
	        --version                    Show version
	
== Uninstall

	sudo gem uninstall matth-mayfly -a

== To do

Some nice to haves

* A nice icon, especially for Growl notifications
* A --quiet option
* More extensive tests

== Known Issues:

* Seems to crash with large files over HTTPS
* Concurrency? Probably not

== Author's notes

This project was inspired by a very similar application I once read about online. I'd like to have used that app but can't for the life of me remember what it was called. Oh well, it's more fun to roll your own. 

== License:

(GPLv3)

Copyright (C) 2009 Matt Haynes

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>